Add docs to enable libvirt compute resources (#4046)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-kvm-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-kvm-plugin"]
= Enabling KVM plugin

Install the KVM plugin to attach a KVM/libvirt compute resource provider to {Project}.
This allows you to manage and deploy hosts to KVM/libvirt.

.Procedure
. Install the KVM plugin on your {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-compute-libvirt
----

> . Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About* and select the *Available Providers* tab to verify the installation of the KVM plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About* and select the *Available Providers* tab to verify that the KVM plugin is installed.
```

Author: Applied.
